has been struck by lightning.
choked on a wooden nickel.
has been mauled by a bear.
has been eaten by a grue.
was shot in the leg.
has eaten a wooden nickel.
has seen a really bright light, and gone stumbling around in a forest for hours.
has had a piano fall on his/her head.
had acid poured on him/her by an old lady.
got hit with a flying card, square between the eyes, and was knocked to the ground.
was attacked by a giant waffle iron falling from the sky, crushing him/her, turning him/her into a waffle.
was vomited on by an adorable little kitty.
stepped on a landmine.
fell into a nearby river.
got his/her skull crushed by a falling chandelier.
made a wooden bridge collapse beneath him/her.
is suddenly struck by a strong burst of pure energy.
was bitten in the leg by a rabid wolf.
noticed an airplane flying above him/her, and felt the plane's 'cargo' drop on him/her.
had poo flung at him/her by a cage of monkeys.
suddenly sees a beast appear in front of him/her, blast him/her with an immense amount of energy, then teleport way.
was crushed by a falling tower.
finds a heavy bag on the ground, and upon trying to open it, is chomped on by a strong set of razor-sharp teeth.
got run over by a herd of elephants.
got run over by a mac truck.
sneezed uncontrollably and bashed his/her head into the wall.
got distracted by TVTropes.
found the missing link between him/her and the ground.
ran in circles around a tree.
stepped in a large pile of monkey poo.
threw an apple at a tree, and had it richochet back and hit him/her in the face.
was cursed by Oyashiro-sama.
was pushed into a burning river by an old lady and a monkey.
woke up without his/her pants on.
was carried away, off into the distance, by a rabid pack of bats.
was given a magical rod by a fairy, and not the kind of fairy with wings.
should have taken that left turn at Albuquerque.
picked his/her nose and some pink squishy ooze fell out.
skipped through a field of poppies and became addicted to heroin.
"donates" blood to an entire village of vampires.
practiced cake making, and failed so greatly that it managed to explode all over the nearby tree.
got a ticket for peeing on a tree.
found a magikarp! Unfortunately, it splashed it's way back into the water. Silly magikarp.
tried to divide by zero, and caused a nearby city to sink into the ground.
"sold" an organ on the black market.
was crushed by a falling bookshelf.
got hit by a mac truck and is now limping along the highway.